c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\XDivisasApi.WinPhone.xr.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\XDivisasApi.WinPhone.exe
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\XDivisasApi.WinPhone.pdb
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\XDivisasApi.WinPhone.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WinRT.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WinRT.Phone.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\XDivisasApi.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\XDivisasApi.pdb
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WinRT.pri
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WinRT.Phone.pri
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\XDivisasApi.WinPhone.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\XDivisasApi.WinPhone.exe
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\XDivisasApi.WinPhone.pdb
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\XDivisasApi.WinPhone.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WinRT.pri.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WinRT.Phone.pri.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi.WinPhone\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
