c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\XDivisasApi.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\XDivisasApi.pdb
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\obj\Debug\XDivisasApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\obj\Debug\XDivisasApi.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\obj\Debug\XDivisasApi.pdb
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\XDivisasApi.dll.config
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\lanave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\obj\Debug\XDivisasApi.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\LaNave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\obj\Debug\XDivisasApi.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\LaNave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\obj\Debug\XDivisasApi.dll.mdb
C:\Users\LaNave\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\XDivisasApi\bin\Debug\XDivisasApi.dll.mdb
